---
title: Learning in public
tags:
  - blog
---

The city of Octlantis is a hidden city of octopi off the coast of eastern
Australian. It features a series of dens with front lawns decorated with
elaborate ornamentation of shells. The inhabitants have been found to exhibit
social behavior where they interact with one another in an organized way. They
have been seen sharing dens together an exhibiting behavior of social
hierarchies. Organized societies have the advantage of better resource

## Facts about octopus

Other interesting facts about octopi is that they are know to be rather
intelligent. They are know to be rather crafty. For example, they have been able
to plan things several steps in advance to make an escape. They are able to
create and make tools.

Octlantis isn't the only octopus city found. There have been a couple of others
found recently. Yet despite its advantages why have they not advanced over the
generations. One observation that could be made is that they are more often than
not unruly neighbors that don't really corroborate with one another. They don't
pass down information down through the generations like we do. They don't make
the effort to teach one another.

## Learning in public

Learning in public is a way of learning that leverages the benefits of an
organized society. The idea is that every time you learn something new you need
to share with others. This allows for knowledge transfer and building social
networks. Other benefits is that as you share information with others you keep a
record of things that you have done.

I have started actively adding things to my public zettelkasten.

For developing a career a well connected network is critical. Without it, there
is no trust between individuals. Without trust most jobs are unable to be
completed.

This allows knowledge to gained personally as well as helping others out that
may have the same problems that need to be solved. It allows for building up a
network with others where every one benefits.

## See also

- [Cool facts about octopus](../344)
- [Utopia requires perfect trust](../346)
